staying on youtube are here here
we come in the long-awaited chapter of
the whole series of all these 11
chapters that I bring to you since this is
the eleven like this is already I bring you what is
grace the title the title this is a
Christmas gift that I have them
you and me
is about tumor or tumor land the world that
So much says that they liked it so much that
they lived that so good nor nonsense had
at most he had like in the whole series
had like that they like a 10 because
every chapter really cool key is like
it just does not matter since this map is
for you done by me for everything and
this is to commemorate the special
Christmas 2013 special Christmas because
I do not have a special in itself
predetermined I did not know what to do to them and
Well here is
it's almost true to say the truth
thank you very much, I have you all
because you made this this
series will become good this little
project that I had in mind that said
I have nothing to do that up
to the channel and then it was
Well, let's go to those blue blocks,
agreement to have
the truth is that it is for these
good things that's almost you do not notice
is saying I do not know if you hear me very
far is that I do not have the microphone well
tight I have it is a little bit far
this mic this microphone this series
as I told you, it became a
project has nothing to do and
I said let's build your morlan box
per box had not seen something like that in
youtube and I said we can do it we go
to put up rockets
five rockets and well, as I told you
Christmas special 2013 I bring you the
map to download I leave for
mediafire like all the files that
went up to this channel I hope you like it if
become a video or something like that
with this map please let me know
warn to see what fart bone what
Well, to watch your videos, not because if
they like the attention a lot let them fly
even a little sign they see what is called their
signs no no
Hahaha
not find them
do not
for these signs if you are going to send them
pounds ok let's put this and then the
map will be here I've done here
let's put creator
mister water are a mysterious creator
good
minister are víctor
and then to my channel
this for those who want to use it
to use
Youtube
dot com
diagonal ministry bone
Victor and whore mother
do not do this to me
good diagonal
minister are vip
and it is already whole gift that the screams
but it is taking advantage of the time that
I have because you already know that you will leave
This is how I go on vacation
this video is going to be presumed 25 and
for solís christmas all of you
I would like to know what they got for Christmas
I the truth is not even good I do not
I asked for something I do not know what they will give me if I
They want it if they give me something according to them
boxing well you know I am mysterious and
Victor
thank you very much for this series as
we know the projects that is
building a turntable and
building the tumor dream land
world
thank you very much I am mystery are
Viktor to have happy holidays and
Merry christmas 2013
and it will be possible for us goodbye